RASA

These Developer Terms (the "Terms") form a binding legal agreement between ("you," "your") and the Rasa Entity (defined below) and govern your access to and use of the Rasa Software (as defined below).

By activating the license key, accepting the Developer Terms, and by continuing to access and use the Software, you agree to the terms of the Developer Terms. If you are accepting these Terms or using the Software on behalf of a company, organization, government, or other legal entity, you represent and warrant that you have the authority to bind such company, organization, government, or entity to the Developer Terms, in which case, the words "you" and "your" as used in these Terms shall refer to such an entity. If you do not agree with the terms of the Developer Terms, you may not (and you may not allow any of your personnel to) access or use the Software.

Arbitration Notice

The Terms contain a mandatory arbitration provision, as well as a class action waiver. By agreeing to the Terms, you also agree to resolve any disputes through individual arbitration, and you waive your right to submit a dispute to a judge or jury, or to participate in a class action, class arbitration, or representative action.

Contact Us If you have any questions on the Terms, or if you would like to provide us with any legal notices, you can reach out to us at legal@rasa.com, or by mail at: Rasa Technologies, Inc. Attention: Legal Counsel 4 Embarcadero Centre, Suite 1400 San Francisco, CA 94111-4164 United States of America

Any notice that we send to you will be considered effective once sent to your email address or displayed in the Rasa Software. Any notice to us will only be effective once received.

Definitions Unless defined elsewhere in the Developer Terms, the terms capitalized are defined below: "Custom Assistant" means the virtual assistant that is developed and configured using the Rasa Software.

"Custom Assistant Data" means any data that is processed by a Custom Assistant, or to train and optimize Custom Assistants, including User Data.
"Documentation" means the documentation that we make available online to describe the Rasa Software, including their functionalities and specifications, as available at https://www.rasa.com/docs/, and as modified from time to time.
"Losses" means claims, penalties, fees, damages, fines, costs and expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees.
"IP" means all rights, titles and interests in intellectual and industrial properties, including (a) all patents and applications; (b) all inventions, trade secrets, designs, methods, processes and know-how; (c) all copyrights, copyright registrations and applications, therefore, and all other rights corresponding throughout the world; (d) any and all trade names, corporate names, logos, common law, trademarks, trademark registrations and applications, therefore, and (e) all computer programs, applications or software whether in sources, object or executable code, and any proprietary rights in such programs, applications or software, including documentation and other materials related thereto.
"OSS" means the Rasa Software licensed pursuant to an open-source software license (an "OSS License"), including Rasa Open Source and the Rasa Action Server SDK, .
"Rasa Entity" means:
If you are in the European Union: Rasa Technologies GmbH, with a registered address at Schönhauser Allee 175, 10119 Berlin, Germany.
If you are in the United Kingdom: Rasa Technologies, Ltd., with a registered address at International House, 38 Thistle Street, Edinburgh, Scotland, EH2 1EN.
If you are located anywhere else in the world: Rasa Technologies, Inc., with a registered address at Four Embarcadero Centre, Embarcadero Ctr #1400, San Francisco, California, 94111, United States).
"Products" refer to any software, applications, and programs licensed by Rasa, including, any Application Programming Interfaces (APIs), software development kits (SDKs), libraries, code, and programs, but excluding any open-source software (OSS). The Products include Rasa Developer Edition,, Rasa Pro, Rasa Studio, and Rasa X/Enterprise, as well as any future software developments, along with any amendments, improvements, updates, and new releases.
"Rasa Software" means any Rasa Products and OSS, such as the Action Server SDK, Rasa Playground, Starter Packs, channel connectors, and chat widgets.
"Representatives" means our affiliates, subsidiaries, employees, directors, officers, licensors, and service providers.
"Third-Party Services" means any third-party software, application, website, technology, service, and product, including those connected or integrated to the Rasa Software, such as by way of APIs or SDKs (an "Integration"). Third-Party Services include the content made available through the Custom Assistant.
"User" means an individual who interacts with an AI Assistant to make queries, trigger or request actions.
"User Data" means Custom Assistant Data which can directly or indirectly identify an individual, and which is collected through the Rasa Software as part of interactions with your Custom Assistant (e.g. requests, responses, images, voice notes, and actions of a User).
Specific Terms

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, in case of a conflict between the Developer Terms and the specific terms and conditions applicable to the Rasa Software (the "Specific Terms") the Specific Terms will prevail over the Developer Terms. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the OSS Licenses are separate agreements. If you use OSS, you must agree with the OSS License attached to the OSS and comply with the requirements of the OSS License, including any disclaimers and attribution notices. For the avoidance of doubts, the Developer Terms apply to the extent that they do not contradict the OSS License. The OSS Licenses are considered Specific Terms.

Rasa Software License

Subject to these Terms, we grant you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable, and non-sublicensable right and license to access, download, install, and use the Rasa Software (the "Rasa Software License"). For the avoidance of doubts, the Rasa Software License does not apply to the extent that the OSS Licence is applicable to OSS.

Nothing in the Rasa Software License allows you to modify, distribute, resell, or sell the Rasa Software unless we specifically indicate otherwise in the Documentation. It is strictly prohibited from charging fees for accessing and using the Rasa Software, or the Custom Assistant unless we specifically agree otherwise. You may not decompile, disassemble, reverse engineer, modify, attempt to disable or circumvent any license key, or create derivative works from the Rasa Software or otherwise access any non-public interface within the Rasa Software, except as permitted herein.

We reserve our rights to limit, condition, and modify the terms and conditions relating to the Rasa Software License at our convenience, upon prior reasonable written notice. We reserve our right to do any of the following with or without notice to you:

Charge fees for the use and access the Rasa Software (excluding the OSS).
Require you to use the Rasa Software differently.
Cease to make available any of the Rasa Software at our sole discretion.
Intellectual Property (IP)

The Rasa Software and the related Documentation are licensed and not sold to you. Except as set forth otherwise, the Rasa Software, including the Documentation, is our IP. All rights not granted herein are reserved. You will not do anything inconsistent with Rasa's ownership, including without limitation, challenging Rasa's ownership of the Marks, the validity of the licenses granted in the Developer Terms, or otherwise copying or exploiting Rasa's Marks except as authorized.

Unless otherwise stated in the Specific Terms, any modifications, enhancements, or derivative works of the Products created by you or on your behalf, either independently or in conjunction with Rasa, are the exclusive property of Rasa. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Rasa Software that you are using is subject to an OSS Licence that permits modifications and derivative works, those terms will take precedence. You agree to not remove any attribution or copyright notices, including in the Rasa Software and its Documentation.

You may provide or we may ask you to provide suggestions, comments, input or other feedback ("Feedback") regarding Rasa Software. If you provide us with any Feedback, then you grant us a perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free, non-exclusive, worldwide, sublicensable, and transferable license to use, reproduce, publicly display, distribute, modify, and publicly perform the Feedback as we see fit. Any Feedback you choose to provide is given entirely voluntarily. You understand that you will not receive any compensation for your Feedback. We may use any Feedback you provide to improve the Rasa Products and Services, or to create any products and services.

Licence Keys

If you are provided with a unique licence key in connection with the Rasa Software, this licence key is necessary for activating and accessing the Rasa Software. You cannot share the license key provided by Rasa nor share the access credentials to the Rasa Software. If you wish to transfer the license to a new user, you must get a new license key directly from Rasa. If the licence key expires, the related rights will also expire.

Product-Specific Terms

The Rasa Developer Edition License is not provided with a technical support package. If you want this type of support, reach out to our sales team for our commercial products and services. Still, we'll try to help you out. You can reach out to us and other developers in our forum.

Rasa Developer Edition

You can obtain a copy of the Rasa Developer Edition by requesting a licence key to Rasa by email. The Rasa Developer Edition is offered free of charge, and is subject to a limited licence. The following uses are permitted:

Use on individual workstations, including laptops and desktops, intended for direct use by a single user.
Use in cloud-based remote development environments, such as GitHub Codespaces or similar platforms, where the development environment is hosted on a cloud provider's infrastructure but acts as an individual, isolated, environment.
Use on Docker Desktop running on Mac, Windows or Linux. You can also use the Product in a commercial production environment, subject to the usage restrictions below. Once you reach these limitations, you can contact us, and we'll be happy to transition you to a commercial license.
Use Case	Conversation	Example
Internal Use	You can use the license for an internal use case for up to 100 conversations per month.	The implementation of a chatbot to manage internal communication as part of employee onboarding.
External Use	You can use the license for an external use case for up to 1000 conversations per month.	The use of a Custom Assistant for a customer service website to provide users with support.
You can use the licence for one use case, whether internal or external. If you have another use case, you will be required to obtain a commercial licence. A "use case" means a specific application or implementation of the Rasa software to demonstrate its capabilities or explore its benefits. For each use case, there is also a limit on the number of conversations that can be processed through the Rasa Developer Edition License. A "conversation" refers to an interaction between the chatbot and a user. Any dialogue session in which messages are sent during a month counts towards the monthly limit.

You can only use this limited licence once for your organization. You can't circumvent the licence restrictions, including by using affiliates or other companies to deploy more use cases or conversations.

Each licence key is provided for a licence term of 12 months. If you need your licence longer, you can reach out to us for a renewal. To ensure the continuous improvement and enhancement of the Rasa Developer Edition License, the telemetry features, which collect and transmit usage data, must remain active. This data helps Rasa analyze and optimize the Rasa Software through the licence. Disabling these features is not permitted.

Our Marks

Unless we specifically state otherwise, the Rasa Software License that is granted to you does not include any license or rights to our Marks. We reserve all our rights in our Marks, except as indicated otherwise. You agree not to display or use our Marks in any manner, including in connection with your use of Custom Assistants, without our prior written consent. You will not remove any attribution or copyright notices in the Terms, including any Marks thereof.

Our Rules

When using the Rasa Software, including when building, managing, improving, training, using, and optimizing Custom Assistants, you represent and warrant that (a) you will comply with the requirements set forth in the Documentation and (b) you will comply with the rules set forth in the Developer Terms (the "Rules"). These Rules apply to your use of the Rasa Software, but also to how you use, display, configure, make available or modify your Custom Assistant.

Respect the Law

You must comply with all applicable laws, including those applicable to the data that you will process through the Rasa Software, as well as those applicable to the Custom Assistant. Depending on your use case for using a Custom Assistant, various legal requirements may apply to how your AI Assistant can be built, used, trained, or optimized. It is your responsibility to make sure that your use of the AI Assistant, and related Rasa Software, complies with these obligations. You agree to comply with Third-Party Services' terms and conditions, as applicable from time to time, including those applicable to the content or made available processed through the Rasa Software.

Prohibited Uses

You use and access of the Rasa Software is subject to the acceptable use requirements below. You cannot use Custom Assistants to provide professional advice, such as medical, financial, or legal advice. You may use Custom Assistants to provide information about such topics, but professional advice should only be provided by qualified and certified professionals. Discrimination. You cannot use Custom Assistants to threaten individuals, propagate hateful content (e.g., any statement, image, photograph, advertisement) or other content that could be reasonably perceived to harm, threaten, promote harassment, intimidation, abuse, or discrimination against others based on race, ethnicity, national origin, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, religious affiliation, age, disability, disease or immigration status. When building, training, and optimizing Custom Assistants, you are responsible for preventing biases and discrimination.

Fraud and Lawful Use. You cannot use the Rasa Software nor Custom Assistants to engage in or in connection with fraudulent activities or in a manner that may subject Rasa or our Representatives to any third party liability, damages or dangers, or. This also means that you cannot create a false identity, forge an email address or header, phone number or otherwise attempt to mislead us as to your identity, or the identity of the sender or the origin of a message transmitted through the Rasa Software. The Rasa Software cannot be used to allow or facilitate financial transactions conducted in an insecure, unauthorized or unlawful manner. Custom Assistants cannot be programmed to make misleading and deceptive statements, and you will not make misleading and deceptive statements on Custom Assistant functionality, performance, origin, or data use.
Data Scraping. You cannot use the Rasa Software, to conduct data scraping, screen taping, spiders, crawlers, data mining tools and automatic bots, except as permitted by the Documentation.
Security Issues. You may not attempt to gain unauthorized access to the Rasa Software, or otherwise circumvent any software protection, authentication requirements, or monitoring mechanisms within the Rasa Software. You cannot attempt to scan, probe, or test the vulnerability of the Rasa Software, nor the network on which they are hosted, if such network is owned, controlled by or made available to you by Rasa.
IP Breach. You cannot use the Rasa Software in a manner that infringes third party's IP, including in a manner that violates the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA") or any other industry standards, including the Digital Advertising Alliance. Please see the Copyright Policy for more information.
Competitive Use. You cannot access or use the Products for the purpose of building similar or competitive products, or copy any ideas, features, functions, or graphics.
Rule 3: Privacy & IP

When using and accessing the Rasa Software, you agree that you are responsible for applying responsible training and development techniques based on protection of privacy principles. Before processing personal data, ensure that you have the required consent and authorizations, and that you take proper measures to comply with the laws, such as by disclosing and explaining your use of the Custom Assistant. We expect you to use the Rasa Software by respecting privacy laws, and ensuring that you avoid dark patterns to trick users into sharing personal data.

You acknowledge and agree that you are solely responsible for your Custom Assistant, including all security, development, and maintenance. You represent and warrant that your Integration, or use of the Rasa Software, will not infringe, misappropriate, or violate a third party's patent, copyright, trademark, trade secret, or other proprietary or intellectual property rights, or rights of publicity or privacy.

Rule 4: Keep Confidentiality & Security

If your Custom Assistant experiences a security deficiency or intrusion, you will coordinate with us any public statements (e.g., press, blog posts, social media, etc.) before publishing them, unless prevented from doing so by applicable laws. You agree to maintain the security of the Products, and not to make them available to any third party, any token, key, password or other login credentials to the Products. You will use industry standard measures to prevent unauthorized access or use of any of the features and functionalities of the Products. You agree to immediately notify us, consult and cooperate with investigations, assist with any required notices and provide any information reasonably requested by Rasa if you know or suspect any breach of security or potential vulnerability related to the Products.

If we issue security patches for the Rasa Software, it is your responsibility to ensure that these security patches are deployed on the Rasa Software, if not automatically deployed by us. We will provide you with such updates by publishing a notice in the Documentation.

If you identify any vulnerability or security issues with the Rasa Software, you agree to notify us immediately at security@rasa.com, and not inform any media or third party without our prior written authorization, unless you are required to do so under applicable laws. These vulnerabilities may affect our developers and customers, and it is often preferable for security purposes for us to issue security patches or remediation, or to notify other interested parties, prior to making public notification which can give rise to additional risks.

Restricted Industries

We prohibit the use of Rasa Software for any activities that are illegal in the locations where the software is being used or where it interacts with individuals. For example, if local laws prohibit gambling, or if certain individuals are underage for gambling activities, then you can't use Rasa Software in these contexts. In addition, the use of Rasa Software in the following industries is only permitted with Rasa's prior authorization, at our sole discretion:

Military, industrial, or law enforcement purposes
Nuclear technology and weaponry
Biotechnology and genetic engineering
Surveillance technologies
Adult entertainment and gambling
The Rasa Software cannot be used as part of illegal products and services, such as illegal drugs, substances designed to mimic illegal, and equipment designed for making or using drugs, fake references, or ID-providing services, telecommunication manipulation equipment including jamming devices.

Monitoring & Remedies

We reserve our rights to monitor your use of the Rasa Software, including by reviewing the Custom Assistants, imposing a formal review process, or performing random checks to ensure that you comply with the Terms.

If we determine, in our sole discretion, that your use of the Rasa Software is in breach of the Developer Terms, we reserve our right to:

Require that you make modifications to your Custom Assistants
Suspend or terminate the Developer Terms, including the Rasa Software License.
Require that you unpublished or deactivate your Custom Assistant Assistant temporarily or not.
Deactivate your credentials and block your IP from using the Rasa Software.
Maintenance of the Rasa Software

We have no obligation to issue updates, improvements or new versions to the Rasa Software (each a "New Version"). However, if we issue a New Version, we may cease to support previous versions, including by issuing security patches only for New Versions. You are solely responsible for installing or upgrading to New Versions, and we won't be liable for any Losses if you fail to do so. Our Release and Maintenance Policy provides more information about how the Rasa Software are maintained, and how end of life is handled. Early Release Software

We may provide you with free trial access or licenses, beta or alpha accesses, limited release, pilot, beta and alpha services, non-production release, early access or similar access, evaluation, trial (the "Early Release Software"). Your use of the Early Release Software is subject to Rasa's Early Release Software Access Terms available at https://rasa.com/early-release-software-terms/, as modified from time to time.

Confidential Data

The Products, including the programs, code, software, configurations and algorithms therein, are our confidential data. You may not disclose them without our prior written authorization unless permitted in the Documentation.

Ethical Uses of Custom Assistants

The Customer Assistant relies on AI to respond to and interact with Users, including to execute some actions at User's request. The way an AI solution, such as a Custom Assistant, is deployed or used may change the ethical characteristics of the system. We expect you to build, train and use Custom Assistants in an ethical manner including by applying the following principles:

Safeguarding the right to human agency by providing appropriate oversight mechanisms to prevent possible adverse effects and uphold human autonomy.
Avoiding the use of the Custom Assistant to subordinate, coerce, deceive, or manipulate people, including to create attachment or stimulate addiction.
Using AI in a transparent and accountable manner, including to explain any decisions made by the Custom Assistant.
Although we recognize that the principle of fairness is difficult to define and that there can be a gray zone, we expect you to develop Custom Assistant without biases and discrimination against Users.
We do not recommend the use of profiling and automated decision-making when such technologies can cause harm to individuals. If you use our Custom Assistant for these purposes, you do so at your sole risk.
You are responsible for training, customizing and optimizing your Custom Assistant based on your needs. This training and optimization can be done on an ongoing basis, such as by reviewing feedback and annotating responses from User. You must have the right to use the training data for this purpose, including by ensuring that it does not constitute a violation of Data Protection Laws.
Unless we agree otherwise in a contract, we are not responsible for configuring the Custom Assistants, including, to personalize it to your business model. You agree that we are not the manufacturer of the Custom pursuant to applicable laws---we only provide you with the Rasa Software so that you can manufacture the Custom Assistant on your own, and configure it to your needs. You are the manufacturer of the Custom Assistant and assume all related legal liabilities.

The Rasa Software provided under the Developer Terms are not designed, intended, or warranted to be suitable for use in high-risk environments that require fail-safe performance. Such environments include, but are not limited to, the operation of nuclear facilities, aircraft navigation or communication systems, air traffic control, direct life support machines, or any other applications in which the failure of the Products could lead to death, personal injury, or severe physical or environmental damage. We don't have any liability if you decide to use the Rasa Software in these environments.

You are responsible for complying with any requirements applicable to your use of the Custom Assistant, including, requirements specific to the content, or to the use case. We make no representation that the Rasa Software is designed to respond to your requirements or fit for the intended purpose.

Testing and Deployment

It is your responsibility to ensure that your Custom Assistants are appropriately validated prior to releasing them and that you conduct adequate testing of the workflows, functionalities, answers, and any actions that your Custom Assistants could undertake. We are not responsible for any errors, bugs, or misconfigurations resulting from your failure to appropriately test and deploy Custom Assistants. Starter packs are trained based on generic cases, and you are responsible for testing and validation based on your use cases and requirements.

AI Disclaimer

The results obtained from any Rasa Software, AI models, systems, or applications (the "Outputs") depend on the data inputs to the Rasa Software, including, any content and data used for training the Custom Assistant (the "Data Inputs"). We are not responsible, nor do we control the quality, accuracy, and integrity of the Data Inputs, and thus, we are not responsible for the Outputs. You are responsible for validating the Outputs, and for providing appropriate disclaimers to Users. Neither Rasa nor its Representatives will have any liability for any Losses resulting from your use of AI, including any reliance on the Outputs. You are solely responsible for any Custom Assistants that you build, manage or deploy, as well as for any Data Inputs and Data Outputs. Neither Rasa nor its Representatives will have any liability for any Losses resulting from the foregoing.

Disclaimers

TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, AND EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY STATED OTHERWISE IN THE DEVELOPER TERMS, THE RASA PRODUCTS AND SERVICES S ARE PROVIDED TO YOU "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE": NEITHER US NOR OUR REPRESENTATIVES PROVIDE WARRANTIES, CONDITIONS, OR UNDERTAKINGS OF ANY KIND. THIS INCLUDES BUT ISN'T LIMITED TO, WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, DATA LOSS, MERCHANTABILITY, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. Neither we nor our Representatives are responsible for Third-Party Services, including any Integrations. We do not represent nor warrant that Integrations will be possible, nor that the Rasa Software will be compatible with any Third-Party Services. Your use of any Third-Party Services is at your own risk, and you are responsible for (a) ensuring that you comply with their terms and conditions; (b) validating the security and privacy practices of Third-Party Services and (c) entering into appropriate terms and conditions with Third-Party Services. We make no warranties of any kind and assume no liability for any Losses resulting from Third-Party Services. We do not endorse any Third-Party Services.

We won't be held liable for any Losses resulting from any cause beyond our control. This includes but is not limited to, acts of God, changes to law or regulations, embargoes, war, terrorist acts, riots, fires, earthquakes, nuclear accidents, floods, strikes, power blackouts, volcanic action, zero-day attacks, distributed denial of services attacks, unusually severe weather conditions, and acts of hackers or third-party internet service providers.

Remedies

In addition to any remedies in these Terms, you agree to indemnify and hold us and our Representatives harmless from any third-party claims for Losses resulting from your breach of the Terms.

Your violation of the Terms may cause irreparable harm to us and our Representatives. Therefore, we have the right to seek injunctive relief or other equitable relief if you violate the Terms (meaning we may request a court order to stop you).

Limitation of Liability

To the maximum extent permitted by law, you agree and acknowledge that neither Rasa nor our Representatives have any liability to you whatsoever (a) for indirect, consequential, punitive or special damage, including any loss of data, profits, revenues, business opportunities, goodwill, or anticipated savings under any circumstances, even if based on negligence; (b) for any other Losses whatsoever that you incur from the use of the Rasa Software, or otherwise in connection with these Terms. The foregoing limitations apply to the full extent permitted by laws, and certain jurisdictions do not permit limitations on liability regarding moral and bodily harm, in which case, these limitations will not apply.

For the avoidance of doubt, in no instance, we or our Representatives will be liable for any Losses you suffer if you use the Rasa Software in violation of the Developer Terms, regardless of whether we terminate or suspend your account due to such violation.

Suspension; Termination

You can terminate the Developer Terms at any time by (a) discontinuing your use of the Rasa Software and (b) uninstalling the Rasa Software.

Subject to any Licence Terms, we reserve our rights to, (a) terminate these Terms at any time, by providing you a written notice (b) we can suspend your right to access and use the Rasa Software, with or without notice to you, if we reasonably suspect that you are in breach of the Terms, including, any licence limitations and restrictions.

When the Terms are terminated for any reasons, all licenses and rights granted herein, or in any Specific Terms, are hereby terminated, unless specifically mentioned otherwise. You agree to discontinue the use of the Rasa Software, and uninstall the Rasa Software. All terms which by their nature should survive will survive the termination. This includes any disclaimers and limitations of liability.

Governing Laws and Jurisdictions

The laws applicable to these Terms vary depending on the Rasa Entity with whom you contract in the Developer Terms:

If you are in the European Union, the laws of Germany will apply to the interpretation of the Developer Terms (without regard to conflict of law rules or principles), and subject to the provisions below, you agree that disputes will be resolved in the competent courts of Germany.
If you are in the United Kingdom, the laws of the United Kingdom will apply to the interpretation of the Developer Terms (without regard to conflict of law rules or principles), and subject to the provisions below, you agree that disputes will be resolved in the competent courts of the United Kingdom.
If you are located anywhere else in the world, the laws of California, United States will apply to the interpretation of the Developer Terms (without regard to conflict of law rules or principles), and subject to the provisions below, you agree that disputes will be resolved in the competent courts of San Francisco, California.
Mandatory Arbitration

All disputes arising out of or in connection with the present contract shall be finally settled under the Rules of Arbitration of the International Chamber of Commerce ("ICC") by one arbitrator appointed in accordance with the said Rules, using ICC Case Connect, ICC's digital case management platform connecting parties, arbitral tribunals, and the ICC Secretariat. The arbitration will occur in English, in the location in which you would resolve disputes under the courts of law as above stated. No award or procedural order made in the arbitration shall be published.

Class Action Waiver

For the avoidance of doubts, the parties waive any right to assert any claims against the other party as a representative or member in any class or representative action, except where such waiver is prohibited by law or deemed by a court of law to be against public policy.

Changes

We can change the Developer Terms from time to time by providing you with a reasonable prior written notice. If you don't agree with these changes, you must cease to use the Rasa Software. We can also make changes to the Rasa Software from time to time, with, or without warning. If we believe that these changes can affect your Custom Assistants, we will attempt to provide you with a prior written notice prior to making the changes.

If we update the Developer Terms, we will update the "Latest Update" date above to reflect the latest version.

Export Control

Use of the Rasa Software for any dealings, engagement, or sale of goods/services linked directly or indirectly with jurisdictions that Rasa has deemed high risk, such as Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Syria, and the Crimea, Donetsk, and Luhansk Regions; or persons Rasa has deemed high risk, such as those individuals or entities named to a restricted person or party list of the United States of America, European Union or United Nations, including the sanctions lists maintained by the U.S. Office of Foreign Assets Control or the Denied Persons List or Entity List maintained by the U.S. Department of Commerce, is prohibited.

It is prohibited to use our products and services (including the Rasa Software and Custom Assistants) to export directly or indirectly, re-export, sell, or supply accounting, trust or corporate formation, or management consulting services to any persons located in the Russian Federation.

You must comply with (a) all applicable laws, including those relating to export control; (b) with the sanctions programs administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury and (c) you will not directly or indirectly export, re-export, or transfer the Rasa Software, the content or the Documentation to prohibited countries or individuals or permit their use by prohibited countries or individuals.

Notice to U.S. Government End Users

The Rasa Software, including the Documentation, is "Commercial Items" as that term is defined at 48 C.F.R. §2.101, and consist of "Commercial Computer Software" and "Commercial Computer Software Documentation." The Commercial Computer Software and Commercial Computer Software Documentation are licensed to U.S. government end users:

only as Commercial Items,
with the same rights as all other end users, and
according to the Developer Terms.
Published and unpublished rights are reserved under the copyright laws of the United States. The manufacturer is Rasa Technologies GmbH.

Interpretation

You may not assign any of your rights under these Terms to anyone else. We may assign these Terms, and any of our rights and obligations hereunder to any other individual or entity at our discretion.

If it turns out that a section of these Terms aren't enforceable, then that section will be removed or edited as little as required, and the rest of the Developer Terms will still be valid. The headers and sidebar text are provided only to make these Terms easier to read and understand. The fact that we wrote these Terms won't affect the way the Developer Terms are interpreted. If we don't immediately take action on a violation of these Terms, we're not giving up any rights under the Terms, and we may still take action at some point. A waiver on one occasion will not be a waiver of any right or remedy of any future occasion.

You and we agree that no joint venture, partnership, employment, or agency relationship exists between us.

The Developer Terms along with any Specific Terms, make up the entire agreement between us in relation to its subject matter and supersede all prior agreements, representations, and understandings.